README.md, before:

# Jekyll::Autoscout24

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/jekyll/autoscout24`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'jekyll-autoscout24'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install jekyll-autoscout24

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

The plugin jekyll-autoscout24 add to your jekyll project a folder called *autoscout24backup* in which you must put the *autoscout24backup.xml* file previously downloaded from your account AutoScout24.
Soon continued..

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/jekyll-autoscout24. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Cleanup 'test-site' from unused gems & content + get it ready for e2e automated validations

README.md, after:

# Jekyll::Autoscout24

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/jekyll/autoscout24`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'jekyll-autoscout24'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install jekyll-autoscout24

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

The plugin jekyll-autoscout24 add to your jekyll project a folder called *autoscout24backup* in which you must put the *autoscout24backup.xml* file previously downloaded from your account AutoScout24.
Soon continued..

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

To validate changes end-2-end, run `bundle install` in test/test-site and then run `bundle exec theme-specs` to exercise plugin's code using Jekyll functional specifications declared in `features` folder.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/jekyll-autoscout24. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
